[RS-2063] Document Runtime Exception List (#1692)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/threat/container-threat-detection.mdx

![malware-alert-example](/img/calico-cloud/malware-alert-example.png)

> ### Create an exception for suspicious programs

Reviewer: ### Exclude a process from Security Events alerts

I think this title is a bit clearer. Change the link above as well, please!

> If you have a program running within the cluster and want to negate the generation of any runtime logs for that process, thus negating any Security Events for that process, then you can add an entry into the RuntimeExceptionList of the Runtime Security resource through kubectl :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can turn off Security Events alerts for processes in your cluster that you know to be safe 

 To create an exception, add the process to the Runtime Security resource with kubectl:
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
kind: RuntimeSecurity
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  runtimeExceptionList:
    - matching: exact

>       processInvocation: "runc init"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      processInvocation: "<process-name>"
```
??? If you're using an example, try to have it use a placeholder format: `<placeholder-text>`

Reviewer: Otherwise, you can label the entire codeblock:
````bash title="Example RuntimeSecurity CR with exceptions" `
And add explanations about the specific names.

      namespace: default
    - matching: regex

>       processInvocation: "\b(shred|rm|mv).*((bash|ash|zsh|fish|fish_read)_history|history)\b"

Reviewer: If this is an example regex match? I'm not sure at all how this works.

Author: yeah this is an example. I'll label the code block like you suggested

EOF
```

> The `matching` field can take one of two values, `exact` or `regex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `matching` field can take one of two values: `exact` or `regex`.
```

> Setting the `matching` field to `regex` allows you to pass in a regular expression to capture more than 1 value for each field. Whereas `exact` would require each field to be an exact match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `matching` field to `regex` allows you to pass a regular expression to capture more than one value for each field. Whereas `exact` would require each field to be an exact match.
```
